Update docs for 2021.3 release (#693)
intel/scikit-learn-intelex: README.md

# 🛠 Installation
Intel(R) Extension for Scikit-learn is available at the [Python Package Index](https://pypi.org/project/scikit-learn-intelex/),
on Anaconda Cloud in [Conda-Forge channel](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/scikit-learn-intelex) and in [Intel channel](https://anaconda.org/intel/scikit-learn-intelex).

> Also Intel(R) Extension for Scikit-learn is available available as a part of [Intel oneAPI AI Analytics Toolkit](https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/tools/oneapi/ai-analytics-toolkit.html#gs.3lkbv3) (AI Kit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Intel(R) Extension for Scikit-learn is also available as a part of [Intel® oneAPI AI Analytics Toolkit](https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/tools/oneapi/ai-analytics-toolkit.html) (AI Kit).
```

conda install dpcpp_cpp_rt -c intel
```

> It's available as a part of [Intel oneAPI AI Analytics Toolkit](https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/tools/oneapi/ai-analytics-toolkit.html#gs.3lkbv3) (AI Kit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extension is available as a part of [Intel® oneAPI AI Analytics Toolkit](https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/tools/oneapi/ai-analytics-toolkit.html) (AI Kit).
```

```
</details>

> Intel(R) Extension for Scikit-learn patching affects performance of specific Scikit-learn functionality.  Support list of algorithms and parameters see [here](https://intel.github.io/scikit-learn-intelex/algorithms.html). In cases when unsupported parameters are used, the package fallbacks into original Scikit-learn. If the patching does not cover your scenarios, [submit an issue on GitHub](https://github.com/intel/scikit-learn-intelex/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Intel(R) Extension for Scikit-learn patching affects performance of specific Scikit-learn functionality. Refer to the [list of supported algorithms and parameters](https://intel.github.io/scikit-learn-intelex/algorithms.html) for details. In cases when unsupported parameters are used, the package fallbacks into original Scikit-learn. If the patching does not cover your scenarios, [submit an issue on GitHub](https://github.com/intel/scikit-learn-intelex/issues).
```
